We'll come back.
Let's do something fun here.
We may create our own low balancer now when it comes to load balancing.
We're gonna use engine X and there's a few possible options they can do engine access popular but also
something called H.A. proxy is used a lot.
Most of these tools just require a configuration file and there are a ton of resources out there to
help you online.
But additionally creating a low balancer by yourself is becoming less and less common.
You see most companies like Amazon Digital Ocean and most providers that provide infrastructure have
already load balancer setups they can implement easily for example digital action has low balancers
they can add to your servers.
It's very very simple.
You don't really need to code and you just click on a few buttons and everything is down for you.
You also have Amazon that has elastic load balancing that again you're just simply implement and configure.
However I want us to build a load balancer just to understand how it works and to just have the knowledge
of how these things like Amazon and Digital Ocean how these companies are able to implement load balancing.
So let's give it a go.
I have over here a fun little file and you're going to have access to this at the end of this video
so you can test out some of the low balancing techniques and and low testing that we're going to do
because it is a lot of fun.
Now don't get overwhelmed with the code here.
I just didn't use Express and use the native GTP module and node to just create a simple server that
returns a fake havoc on icon.
And I do this just to make sure that we don't get any weird logs of missing Fabrikant and then simply
we're just cancel logging.
We're adding some response headers but again this is an important we're just console logging every time
our amps one gets hit with.
I have been hit and our server will be running here.
Nothing too crazy but I also have a docker composed file again something that we've seen before and
this stalker compost file is quite interesting.
We have a few services.
One is web on the other one Web 2 and web 3.
Really creative with my name here.
But you see here that they simply have ports of 3000 and let's actually change these two different ports
just so we have a better idea how they work.
So each services on different ports and all they're going to do is run the build command.
Also notice here that we're now doing port forwarding.
So that means well they're just on their own only what's inside the dock or container will have access
to them.
If we go to the build that is the dock or file that builds these.
I see that we're simply using node we're exposing port three thousand.
We're creating a directory called app and we're moving the server that G-S file which I've already shown
you and also the package dodgiest on file to run NPM install and then we have just the entry point and
command which is to run the server that we have over here.
And there's nothing too crazy happening over here.
But then we have something called load balancer and this load balancer is building from an angry next
folder which we haven't created yet.
It's going to expose port 80 and we're going to have access to localhost aty and it links web one to
three and it also uses volumes and has this comment now I'm going to leave a resource in this project
for you to read up on this.
All it does is it allows us to run Doctor commands inside the container and I've linked to an article
that you can read more information on.
Now this isn't a typical set up.
When you do a load balancer because we have everything under one container if you remember we want to
have a load balancer that is on its own with different servers.
Right now we have everything in just one giant container and I'm only doing this so we can demonstrate
without me having to spin up all these different services on my laptop and just tap everything in a
or compose file for demonstration purposes.
But in real life we have a load balancer machine on its own a server on its own a server on its own
a server three on its own but with this file we now have a way to have the load balancer be ranne be
hit through port 80 and then distribute the way to the server 1 2 and 3 which are going to be each running
this copy of the server.
So let's actually create this engine X folder and create our Angie Nax load bouncer.
I'm going to say new folder then engine X and in this next folder we have to create two things.
First we need to create a docker file because remember we have to build according to Dr. now and this
fall we're going to do a simple doc file comment.
We're going to just use the engine next image that's already there.
Thanks Sudhakar hub.
And then we're going to copy
a file We're going to create called Engine X dot com which is the configuration file and engine X that
we'll create shortly and move it to our container in the default location that engine X Files configuration
files should be in our case.
We'll just name it like this.
That's it.
We can use Dr. Howard to just grab the container or grab the image and then we can just configure it
from our end.
So let's create a new file now and this will be our engine X dot com fine in here.
Let's start to work on our configuration for.